in los angeles of any kind lovers
yes hello madam madam
it's a month I'm calling you for information for
the power now carry out your retirement home
Yes
I wanted to know how
orders can spend a little price and all that
she
his battery the other two explains stoner a little problem with my mother
at 92 years old where does that come from
no
a former star of the x we ​​blow
and the problem was proud and seferovic the retirement home to avoid
and for the summer of his hand
for jumping on wii
these are very solid people the management risk never
discuss these issues
and suddenly it's quieter for many as if they do not have to wander around
all the same everywhere
besides bank m
I wanted to know if the fight is happening this time
I had to tell you what's right for you
basel
ayrault who reminded reuters he was calmer
and then missed
a
and for what we find neither sought at home
at the employment pole of the peeled street
yes he is small
how are things at your place
he can do animations they started it is news
ap and to beat to walk naked because it gives good it's
possible in good weather for that
every
they make love again
coprent brings to jefferies not they can have that I mean because
the sea still see some sex a little bit
page porto rico ouille the Quebecois
even at the retirement home
and fewer condoms
the pumpi not your pregnant falls one more form
time is running out to bring bullshit we are not happy how
yes madam thing in very vague terms
we resumed
momentarily
romero did not know what I'm starting to be a bit deaf too for
myself
yes ap
we're going to help Daddy maybe slept badly so if that's how is it possible
not what to do
the forest still say close to that good I can not move it like
that same time how a year ago after the palace but a little
in the bazaar everywhere
Yes Yes
nevertheless she begins to that answers with 92 years
in Bordeaux
q
we added a matte complexion
indeed the dad not able
you want m
I wanted to know then is it possible
we'll see later
area where I will not be to madam
we arrived full time while it is still prevalent
they asked me to remind myself apart gold is able to stay at the
pure state
because there is business but also weir
fathers is at least also for m
put him in your retirement home to death that's why not
chili no doubt is allowed m
with this contribution December 2007
afterwards
as well women m
mahmoud abbas is forced to know himself and also to help and
ladies
you know at the time like this final inmate did a lot of scenes with
the ladies in port-louis
on one side not the kind of house
burgundy and then
the marketplace its small team of engineers
we may be yes
why do you know how to reconvert it the last time we found it with a
impact of 93 years in the toilet
he will play not to leave it was not pretty to see
so I realize you couple but me half the rates
at age 63 jay gp2 compared to my mother at 92 or even you realize
crazy is to understand nothing
also do not understand why do not you do it rather because it has
especially could count on my mother's family
oulala
I had to stay some charm anyway
which I believe must be remembered to see
tomorrow I can not answer you
okay
there are two days and tomorrow morning
we hope to thank you good flavors
thank you